public files copied before build (#5880)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/core-concepts/project-structure.mdx

### `public/`

> The `public/` directory is for files and assets in your project that do not need to be processed during Astro's build process. These existing files will be copied into the build folder untouched, and then your site will be built.

Author: ```suggestion
The `public/` directory is for files and assets in your project that do not need to be processed during Astro's build process. The files in this folder will be copied into the build folder untouched, and then your site will be built.
```
